Mr
President members of the court on this
basis and in accordance with article 60
paragraph two of the rules of court I
now proceed to read Israel's final
submission the state of Israel requests
the court to reject the request for the
modification and indication of
provisional measures submitted by the
Republic of South Africa liar liars
[Applause]
and well we seem to have been
interrupted there at the international
court of justice uh by somebody not
quite sure who has interrupted the final
statement to be made by uh Miss Tamar
Kaplan Turman she's the principal Deputy
legal advisor of the Ministry of Foreign
Affairs uh of the state of Israel